Updating headers + tracing project CTAs (#892)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/administration/tutorials/manage_spend.mdx

### Change org level retention defaults for new projects

> Navigate to the `Usage configuration` tab, and look at our organization level retention settings. Modifying this setting affects all **new projects** that are
> created going forward in all workspaces in our org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `Usage configuration` tab to review the organization level retention settings. Modifying this setting will affect all **new projects** that are created in all workspaces in the organization.
```

:::note

> For backwards compatibility, older organizations may have this defaulted to Extended. Organizations created after June 3rd, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backwards compatibility, older organizations may have this defaulted to **Extended**. Organizations created after June 3rd, 2024
```

Reviewer: What do you think about bolding the retention policy names in the UI?

> have this defaulted to Base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have this defaulted to **Base**.
```

:::

![](./static/p1orgretention_v2.png)

### Change project level retention defaults

Data retention settings are adjustable per project on the tracing project page.

Navigate to **Projects** > **_Your project name_** > Select **Retention** and modify the default rentetion of the project to **Base**. This will only affect retention (and pricing) for **traces going forward**.

![](./static/p1projectretention.png)

> ### Keep around a percentage of traces for extended data retention

Reviewer: What do you think about:

### Apply extended data retention to a percentage of traces

Or, something similar?

You may not want all traces to expire after 14 days. You can automatically extend the retention of traces that match some criteria by creating an [automation rule](/observability/how_to_guides/rules). You might want to apply extended data retention to specific types of traces, such as:

> - 10% of all traces: For general analysis or long-term trends

Reviewer: Should this say "... of long-term trends"?

- Errored traces: To thoroughly investigate and debug issues
- Traces with specific metadata: For long-term examination of particular features or user flows

To configure this:

1. Navigate to **Projects** > **_Your project name_** > Select **+ New** > Select **New Automation**
2. Name your rule and optionally apply filters or a sample rate. For more information on configuring filters, see [filtering techniques](/observability/how_to_guides/filter_traces_in_application#filter-operators)

:::note
When an automation rule matches any [run](/observability/concepts#runs) within a [trace](/observability/concepts#traces), the all runs within the trace are upgraded to be retained for 400 days.

> :::

Reviewer: Should this say "... then all runs within.."
